(panting)
You think you can win? Hilarious.
(gunshots)
SHADOW SHINPEI: She's quick.
(thrilling music)
She's as fast as Ushioh.
No...
Even faster.
Pulling out all the stops
for the final battle, huh, Hizuru?
(theme music)
(rumbling)
(static)
That was real close.
Come on, Shide.
How long are you gonna sleep?
SHIDE: Huh? Okay, here we go. All right.
You're pretty good at handling
my sacred treasure, Amenonuboko.
Ryunosuke is a shadow, after all.
Can't copy, but apparently,
very skilled when it comes to imitating.
I'm shocked by the wrath
in each and every strike.
I've known you since you were a baby.
SHIDE: Do you really hate me that much?
Why are you even going this far?
Why risk your life to fight?
What I hate are your words.
My words?
HIZURU: Humans have language.
Human nature determines how we use words.
But you'll never understand,
no matter how long you live.
SHADOW SHINPEI: Of course.
I have one question
for you, though, Hizuru.
Knowing you'd die, why did you come back?
Only an idiot would come back here
just to die. It's not like you.
Well, you should know.
You scanned my mind last time.
Or maybe, scanning is all you can do.
You can't understand it?
So why don't you scan me again?
Create my shadow, and then you can
have it answer your questions.
(scoffs)
I'm not falling for that.
I bet you're immune.
Mioh could've done that.
SHADOW SHINPEI: You just wanna destroy
this body the moment I flash.
HIZURU: Is it that obvious?
You think you can beat Shide
if it weren't for my eye.
I'll bet you're thinking it would be easy
to destroy my real body,
the one underground, isn't that right?
Heine.
Give me a minute. Answer me!
Why did you come back here?
-Was it because of the message?
-That's typical of Shinpei Ajiro.
When he takes a step back calmly
and logically, he's pretty persistent
in his search for the right answers.
RYUNOSUKE: What's with all the talking?
HIZURU: I'm buying us some time.
Let me handle it.
At first, I was curious.
Now I'm pretty sure
I'd been waiting for this.
HIZURU: It's my chance
to make it up to him.
Make it up to who?
Shide was absolutely right.
My brother died because of me.
Hm?
HIZURU: Ryunosuke's death
was treated as an accident.
No one blamed me.
My friends and parents consoled me.
I turned into this sad kid,
who lost her twin in an accident.
The truth is,
I might as well have killed him myself.
It was a miracle that I met his shadow
and I got to apologize.
HIZURU: But he's still dead.
There's only one thing I can do now.
I can at least save the lives
that would otherwise be lost.
Mm.
So I'll save them. I have to.
So that's why?
You wanna make it up to him?
SHIDE: Pathetic.
You're risking your life for strangers?
That's the type of people I hate the most,
those who think
they're doing the right thing.
(scoffs)
The right thing?
HIZURU: Right.
(laughs)
Me?
(laughing)
You need to step back more, Heine.
Do you actually think
he's acting for your benefit?
What?
HIZURU: Your goal of going home,
and his words in the third loop
contradict each other.
You said that it was your ending,
didn't you?
Mm.
What did you mean by that, Shide?
Your ending?
Well, this guy only thinks of himself.
He can't see past his own perspective.
Ending, huh? I'm lost.
SHIDE: It's nonsense, Heine.
She's trying to trick us with words.
Yeah.
SHIDE: And that means
she has nothing left.
Enough of this pleasant conversation.
HIZURU: I didn't want Heine to see this,
but I can't ask for much.
The rest is up to you, Tokiko.
Shide's armor isn't made up of anyone.
It's empty inside.
(gasps)
So...
You can get inside it.
Ryunosuke, you know well
how to possess people.
(grunts)
Get into his armor
and destroy it from the inside.
SHADOW SHINPEI: What...
(panting)
(groaning)
(squelches)
(grunting)
You... You...
(Ryunosuke grunting)
SHADOW SHINPEI:
So you had this up your sleeve.
Copying Ryunosuke's data
into Shide's armor.
MASAHITO: It's born?
(Hizuru panting)
(Hizuru grunting)
(quivering)
RYUNOSUKE: We... We really did it.
Oh!
Sis!
(crickets chirping)
MIOH: Stand back, Shin-chan.
It's dangerous.
Hi. I was waiting for you.
Mio and Sou? Where are they?
You did come to see Mio first, Shinpei.
MIOH: Stand back, Shin-chan,
I got him.
You should kill Shinpei instead of me,
don't you think, Mio-chan?
I sent Mio and Sou to Hiruko's Grotto.
I bet Mother is probably eating them now.
(gasps)
You were just a bit too late, Shinpei.
SHINPEI: You got some guts, Shide.
You didn't run away.
I can't leave this to other shadows.
I don't want to lose
any more allies, you know?
A human being like me
just can't be hacked.
What?
SHINPEI: He's afraid of being hacked?
He must think Ushioh is still alive.
MASAHITO: Oh?
SHINPEI: Wait. If he thinks she's alive,
I can use this.
Oh, you got us.
Mioh, kill Shinpei and make him loop,
or it'll be too late.
(squelches)
All right. Well, I'll be reborn
in the next loop, anyway.
(blood splatters)
He doesn't shut up.
Shin-chan, he wasn't lying. Mio just died.
SHINPEI: You can tell?
If my original dies, yeah. I can feel it.
Go back?
SHINPEI: No. Not yet.
We need a handle on the situation.
Search his memories.
MIOH: Okay.
(flash squeals)
That's strange. He has no memories.
Wait, what do you mean?
It's empty. There's no memory at all,
not even the conversation we just had.
What is this?
What moved him around?
Shide had two bodies.
Not shadows, but two, like, cloned humans.
MIOH: He didn't have that burn on his arm.
There must be another.
Then he must be with Ms. Nagumo.
SHINPEI: She could be in danger.
Heine called me from her cell phone.
(Mioh gasps)
Shin-chan. This way.
(panting)
(gasps)
Tokiko!
Thank goodness you're alive, Shinpei.
(groaning)
I came this far searching
for Mio's presence.
Tokiko. What happened?
Nezu and Totsumura let me escape.
(breathing sharply)
Please go to Torajima.
TOKIKO: Ryunosuke's fighting Shide.
(Tokiko panting)
Save him, please.
(Tokiko groans)
(gasps)
(flash squeals)
MIOH: She's dead.
These are her memories.
(gasps)
(inaudible)
Quickly. Let's go to Torajima.
Huh?
SHINPEI: It's Dr. Hishigata's Derringer.
Tokiko had it.
Still one bullet left.
MIOH: Shin-chan.
Sorry. I'm not going.
Ryunosuke and Ms. Nagumo
might be dead already.
I wasn't really able to tell
from Tokiko's memories.
I don't have time to go and confirm it.
SHINPEI: We know Mio's dead.
The event horizon is coming closer.
If we don't hurry,
her death will be irreversible.
We still have a chance to save everyone.
If I loop now, it'll be around 10:10 a. m.
Oh, I was leaving Mt. Takanosu
with the kids.
MIOH: You can see it?
Yeah, but very vaguely.
But I can't stop Heine's call
at 10:10 a. m.
-Okay, first, I'll hurry back to Kofune.
-(gasps)
So I will meet you there.
Then I'll go after Mio and Sou
to stop them.
Once we loop, we have to move quickly.
SHINPEI: Follow me.
We will save both Mio and Ms. Nagumo.
MIOH: It's a battle against time.
(grunts)
(breathing heavily)
SHINPEI: All right, I'm going.
(gunshot)
(Sou and Mio panting)
(both gasp)
Oh! You guys.
What are you doing here, Shin-chan?
Oh! I made it just in time.
Thank goodness.
Mioh ran us through the sewers
to get us here.
SOU: Oh, you... saved her?
She's all right.
SHINPEI: More importantly,
why are your phones off?
SOU: Wait, what?
But you told us to turn them off,
'cause a shadow might call.
Idiot. That was a shadow telling you that.
(Mio gasps)
SOU: Right, sorry, Shinpei.
Ugh! I should've known.
It's fine. Look. We don't have time.
I'll head to Torajima with Mioh.
I'm sorry I shot you. I, um...
It hurt, but it's okay.
MIOH: I just copied you,
and healed my wounds, so it's fine.
It did hurt a lot, though.
I'm so sorry!
Don't worry.
I would've done the same thing.
SHINPEI: Sou and Mio, go back to Kofune,
and watch the kids.
SOU: Leave them to us!
Shin-chan.
Oh?
Save Tokiko and the others, please.
Mm, got this.
SHINPEI: Let's go, Mioh. To Torajima.
(suspenseful music)
SHINPEI: According to Tokiko's memories,
Ms. Nagumo signals at 10:45.
SHINPEI: Let me get there in time.
Please, let me get there in time!
(gasps)
Mioh. We don't have time to fight.
I'll jump. Don't bite your tongue.
(Shinpei grunts)
(suspenseful music)
-(thuds)
-(Tokiko grunts)
We made it.
(gasps)
-(gasps)
-Hm?
SHINPEI: I saw that exact same attack
from Shide in Tokiko's memories.
What did it do?
Rose was gone in an instant.
I see. So this is how things can change.
Oh! Rose!
He's here. Quicker than I thought, yeah.
Whoa!
Shinpei!
Stand back, Tokiko.
You'll die.
Hmm, you looped,
so I'm sure you know how this battle ends.
SHADOW SHINPEI:
Tokiko must've told you after she escaped.
(gasps)
SHIDE: Oh, why so surprised, Shinpei?
(whimpers)
Because you looped, we got to fight again.
SHINPEI: No...
-(static)
-Thanks to you, it was an easy win.
Ms. Nagumo!
You're way too far.
Don't waste bullets, Totsumura!
What?
(whimpers)
NEZU: Is that Heine?
Second time fighting this battle?
After the loop,
it knew my attack position. Damn it.
All we've got is my machete,
Totsumura's Derringer,
Gil, and Mioh.
This isn't going to end well
if we fight now, Shinpei.
-We'll all die. Shinpei. Mioh.
-(Tetsu whimpers)
Pull back.
NEZU: Get on Gil.
Are you deaf, Shinpei?
SHINPEI: But what about Ms. Nagumo?
We can't just leave her!
You moron! We need to pull back!
Don't waste her sacrifice!
(grunts)
-(static)
-SHINPEI: This is...
Mm.
(static)
-SHADOW SHINPEI: Let's go, Shide.
-Hm?
We're outnumbered. This is enough for now.
BOTH: Huh?
I understand.
(gasps)
(sighs)
That was close.
Ms. Nagumo! Stay with me!
(Hizuru quivering)
HIZURU: Shinpei...
Ms. Nagumo!
I'm sorry. I said I'd save you.
I promised that...
But I don't think I can keep it.
That's not true! Not at all!
Totsumura! Give me the gun!
TETSU: Oh, here!
I'm going back right now.
No, don't.
I promise, I'll save you next time.
Just stop. It's too late.
(gunshot)
(groaning)
I'm sure you know more than anyone.
The loop ability is reaching the limit.
MIOH: You can't save us both.
(Shinpei grunting)
-(Shinpei sobbing)
-(Hizuru groans)
We need to get her to the hospital.
I'm sure Mioh can...
Listen closely.
Remember, Heine is just a child.
HIZURU: She may be a monster, but...
her original personality
is shy and wants to be loved.
She's just a child.
Shide doesn't want
the same thing... Heine.
He's probably just using her.
He's the one in charge.
(Hizuru breathes sharply)
(coughing)
Shinpei... please free Heine.
Yes. I promise.
Enough. Don't speak anymore, Hizuru.
-(sobbing)
-(Hizuru groaning)
HIZURU: It's not a bad way to end.
(Hizuru breathes heavily)
Stop being so gloomy.
It doesn't matter how long I've lived,
but how I used my life to the full...
(sobbing)
(gasps)
(somber music)
Aah!
I'm putting my brother in your care.
What a comeback story this will be.
(somber music)
(Shinpei sobbing)
NEZU: Oh. Hey, Hizuru?
Hizuru!
(closing theme music)